**A-0002 “The Shadow Yokai”**


**Anomaly Description:**
Anomaly is a pitch black biped wolf with bone white eyes as well as a matching in color maw. Anomaly is dressed in a a Black segmented Samurai armor that seems to bend and move with ever movement made by the anomaly,
Anomaly Seems to be carrying an equally black, and jagged sword. OU operatives have attempted to confiscate said sword once before, leading to [Data Removed] as well as [Data Removed] leading to the Anomaly to breach containment. Anomaly is well versed in keeping itself well-kept and frequently cleans itself as well as its equipment, though its means of doing so manage to evade surveillance.


**Containment Chambers:**
A-203 is to be kept in a spacious 20x20 containment chamber with reinforced steel walls and surveillance camera tucked away into the ceiling corners. Two Operations Department Personnel remain nearby the containment chamber to ensure that A-203 has not breached containment and prevent unauthorized personnel from entering without supervision.
Should A-203 breach containment, Operational Units BREAKS are to be immediately deployed to tranquilise A-203 and return them to their containment chambers. Under no circumstances is A-203 to be fired upon unless strictly directed to by a BREAKS Marshall.
Anomalies abilities: A-203 is capable of inhuman speeds and strength and regeneration, capable of taking on Multiple OD security personnel with what would be life ending wounds for human means and [Data Removed] the operatives. A-203 also excels in sword mastery and is capable of deflecting bullets in mid-air. Too add to A-203’s mastery of the blade, A-203-1 also seems to be able to rapidly corrode anything that it cuts, causing infected targets to melt away around the wound, as of yet it is impossible to reverse these effects as of yet. A-203 has shown high intelligence as well as the ability to communicate to personnel, however it shows heavy hostility to all that it speaks with

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Interview #1**
Doctor [Data Removed]: Good day A-203

A-203: Do not call me that, I have repeatedly told you my true name you…[Anomaly begins to curse the researcher in fluent Japanese]

Doctor [Data Removed]: Well That may be but you are here with us until you give us a reason that you are not a threat to society.

A-203: Bah! You humans are all the same, I should have long ago slaughtered you all [A-203 now begins to pace their cell in agitation, his clawed hand twitching on its sword handle]

Doctor [Data Removed]: Well that is unfortunate but you can’t do anything of the like now. So you may just get comfortable now


[A-203 gives the Doctor what seems to be a malicious smile, the camera feed suddenly then jumps to static, it would be nearly a minute later before the connection is reestablished, the Doctor is now impaled to the wall and the glass for A-203’s containment chamber had been shattered. Connection Terminated]

After this incident, rightfully dubbed A-203-A, the anomaly has been placed under stricter containment measures, to prevent further breaches and reduce the risk of RaA researchers being in peril.

**END LOG**
